chapter four here this word he kind of
Bashan that are in the mountain of
Samaria which oppressed the poor which
crushed the needy would say to the
Masters bring and let us drink the Lord
God has sworn by His Holiness that lo
the day shall come upon you that he will
take you away with hooks and your
posterity with fish hooks and he shall
go out at the breaches every cow at that
which is before her and ye shall cast
them into the palace saith the Lord come
to Bethel and transgress at Gilgal
multiply transgression and bring your
sacrifices every morning and your tires
after three years and offer a sacrifice
of Thanksgiving with leaven and proclaim
and published the free offerings for
this like a few oh ye children of Israel
saith the Lord God and I also have given
you cleanness of teeth in all your
cities and want of bread in all your
places yet have you not returned unto me
saith the Lord and also I have with
Holden the rain from you when there were
yet three months to the harvest and I
caused it to rain upon one city and
caused it not to rain upon another city
one piece was rained upon and the peace
were upon it rain not withered so two or
three cities wandered unto one city to
drink water but they were not satisfied
yet have ye not returned unto me saith
the Lord I have smitten you with
blasting and mildew when your gardens
and your vineyards and your fig trees
and your olive trees increased the
Palmer wood devoured them yet have you
not returned unto me saith the Lord I
have sent among you the pestilence after
the manner of Egypt your young men have
I slain with a sword and have taken away
your horses and I have made the stink of
your camps to come up unto your nostrils
yet have ye not returned unto me saith
the Lord I have overthrown some of you
as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and
he were as a firebrand plucked out of
the burning yet have ye not returned
unto me saith the Lord therefore thus
will I do unto thee O Israel and because
I will do this unto thee prepare to meet
thy God o Israel for lo he that format
the mountains and created the wind and
declare Athan to man what is his thought
that maketh the morning darkness and
treadeth upon the high places of the
earth the Lord the God of hosts is his
name